Transgender women are women.
Transgender women are not women.

Marriage is between one man and one woman.
Two people should be able to marry regardless of gender.

We should respect and embrace a child's expressed gender identity.
A child can not be transgender.

We should use pronouns based on someone's sex, which is determined at birth.
We should use whatever pronouns a person tells us are appropriate for them.

Abortion is killing, so it should be illegal.
A woman has or should have the right to choose whether to have an abortion or not.

Abortion is morally troubling.
Abortion is morally neutral.

Police often use unnecessary or excessive force.
Police almost always use only as much force as is needed to protect and serve.

Violence at protests is usually caused by protestors.
Violence at protests is usually caused by police.

Police think they are above the law.
Police treat everyone equally.

Racism is in the past.
Slavery in the US has had long term consequences that continue still.

Humanity is in serious danger from climate change caused by humans.
Climate change claims or theories are false or exaggerated.

Changes recommended by environmentalists would have bad consequences and should be avoided.
Changes recommended by environmentalists are necessary, and we should act on them.

Borders that are open to anyone would not harm us.
Border and immigration control are necessary for our well-being.

Constitutional rights apply only to US citizens.
Constitutional rights are human rights, and apply to everyone.

Rich or poor, Black or White, in the US you get a fair trial.
Black people are less likely to get a fair trial.

If you want healthcare, you should pay for it.
Everyone should have equal access to healthcare.

A 10% tax on wealth over 10 billion (10,000 million) dollars would be a good thing.
Very rich people should be able to keep what they earn.

No knock warrants, where police force open a door without warning, should be accepted as a necessary part of the job we hire them to do.
No knock warrants, where police force open a door without warning, endanger innocent people and are a violation of rights. They, should not happen.

Nobody should have a gun, with the possible exception of police and such..
Responsible gun ownership by ordinary citizens is a good thing.

China does not pose a serious threat to the U.S. or to humanity.
China poses a serious threat to the U.S. and to humanity.


How confident are you in the statement you chose?

I'm not really sure, or it's only a true sometimes.
I'm pretty confident it's true, or it's true in most cases.
(I'm pretty confident they're both wrong, or something else is true in nearly all cases.)
It's definitely true, or it's true in nearly all cases.
(I'm certain they're both wrong, or something else is definitely true.)

How much does your view on this statement affect the decisions you make?

It's not that important, in the scheme of things.
It affects my choices, but not as much as other things.
It very much affects my choices.

How high a priority would you like lawmakers to make this issue?

Keep laws out of it.
With everything else happening, it's a pretty low priority.
It's really important, though there's something more important right now..
It's urgent and important, and should be top priority until things are better.

Maybe create both the spot-map and a color swatch for each one. Then everybody has a shade of purple.
In the docs, include what you'd have to say to be 100% red or 100% blue.
